Add a getter for Toxiproxy exposed port (#2513)
testcontainers/testcontainers-java: docs/modules/toxiproxy.md

[Starting proxying connections to a target container](../../modules/toxiproxy/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/ToxiproxyTest.java) inside_block:obtainProxyObject
<!--/codeinclude-->

To establish a connection from the test code (on the host machine) to the target container via Toxiproxy, we obtain **Toxiproxy's** proxy host IP and port:

<!--codeinclude-->

> [Obtaining proxied host and port for the host mahcine](../../modules/toxiproxy/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/ToxiproxyTest.java) inside_block:obtainProxiedHostAndPortForHostMachine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Obtaining proxied host and port for connections from the host machine](../../modules/toxiproxy/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/ToxiproxyTest.java) inside_block:obtainProxiedHostAndPortForHostMachine
```

<!--/codeinclude-->

Code under test should connect to this proxied host IP and port.

To establish a connection from a different container on the same network to the target container via Toxiproxy, we use **Toxiproxy's** network alias and original port:

<!--codeinclude-->

> [Obtaining proxied host and port for a different container](../../modules/toxiproxy/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/ToxiproxyTest.java) inside_block:obtainProxiedHostAndPortForDifferentContainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Obtaining proxied host and port for connections from a different container](../../modules/toxiproxy/src/test/java/org/testcontainers/containers/ToxiproxyTest.java) inside_block:obtainProxiedHostAndPortForDifferentContainer
```
